Put him down for me
As long as I'm here today
No one can take him away
Brother Wu
Brother Wu, help me think about my godmother
Be presumptuous with me
Wu Tian, don't you think it's funny?
The poor can't even take out half of the wowotou
I also dare to let my mother marry my daughter
A lowly pariah dares to meddle
I'm afraid you don't know
The original Weimin was typed out, right?
kid
The last untouchable who played in front of Li Shang
No longer on earth
Do you hear me?
Go now if you don't go
I can't let you get out of this Qingshan Town
It's ridiculous that I didn't want to marry you
You force people so hard, your world is endless
Crime has always been above board
Are you guilty of explaining it to others?
Can you control rats?
Well, as long as I hire
Xiaoting is also my person
Godmother Godmother
I am willing to marry our eldest brother.
Oh my god
You're crazy to marry this poor man
Not even a decent dowry
How dare you marry my daughter
It's ridiculous
A pariah dares to rob a girl from this young master
If you know, get out of here
Li Shao is right
Just like you, three generations of poor guys
Hey, learn from others to pay the dowry
Are you here to ask for a betrothal gift?
Today I will give alms for Li Shao
Don't say outside that our Young Master Li is deceiving.
Kid, kneel on the ground and pout your butt to pick it up
Get out after picking it up
This is not the place for you
Talking to you
Do you hear me?
Get out after picking it up
Jianmin
Did you hear that?
Our upper echelons
It's not something a pariah like you can provoke
The gap between you and me
It can't be inexplicable by relying on you to mess around
Get out after picking it up
I will forgive you for the last time today
What right do you have to let me go
Xiao He
Take my dowry
Wu Tian, you compare the bride price with the Li family
You figure it out.
No, his family is not only rich
His eldest young master is still outside as the head of the team
Look at you again
What else do you have besides bragging?
Boy we Li Shao
It's because of Miss He's umbrella that I'll give you a chance.
If you don't cherish it, you are courting death
I think he is deliberately courting death
Did you know that today is Li Shao's big day?
How can you be so presumptuous here
Since you are so ignorant
Just let you know
Our ruthlessness
Mother Xiaohe sister loaded a lot of water
Pardon me?
In addition to water, there is also rice and meat
I heard it was a dowry for our family
Today, my employer proposes to marry He Ting, the little daughter of the He family.
Five tanks of special well water
Xiaomi a whole car
Well water five tanks
How can this poor bastard have so many good things?